Hi, everyone.
Let's call this problem.
And we have already seen the base cases, which is simple.
If I go to you, that means above zero go.
It should be zero.
And.
This is a this case.
We maintain that and this is the reconciliation we want to.
So for any said, we want the previous sets, previous day value to be calculated.
And I said below it, I.
So this is my input set up.
So I have given the number of products and the number of days.
These are the inputs.
Yeah.
And this is prices that.
Okay, let me quickly take them.
Take it as an input.
So I goes from zero to pay for all the products and for all their days.
I just want to find out.
I just want what is the price of the product?
Correct.
So initially they're going to repeat it.
And I have initialized it with a very big value, which is veneered because we'll be taking minimums.
Right.
So if I'm taking measurements, I just initiated something very big so that it doesn't affect my answer.
Eight.
Now let's make base cases.
So what are the base cases we have?
Yeah, this one above zero comma.
Any.
It should be zero.
Right.
So let's just make this case which is know zero zero and let's market zero eight.
Why am I doing this?
Because.
You will see in the reconciliation we have this correct.
That is f of se commonly depends on f of s t minus one.
So if amount f of 000, then F of zero one will also be zero because that's what I have.
That's what I depend on.
Because F of zero zero depends on 007.
Correct.
So they're just marked 000.
And let's mark all the other basic cases.
What are the other base cases?
This.
340 zero today and for just one drawn out.
If I'm just buying one product on zero today, what is the value that I have?
What is the price value that I like?
Right.
So I go for all the products and for the zero that they elaborated for the zero, it should be nothing,
but it should be equal to the price of that particular product on the zero, because on 03i can buy
only one product.
Any one of the products.
So what are the most values for it?
So here you can see I've taken the role as must rage.
I have to race to the power game as if I had these many products.
What will the mask value of it?
You guess it.
Why don't you just try it yourself?
If I'm just fine buying a diet verdict on zero three, what is the mosque value of their product?
It will be nothing but one letter of type.
It means only the eight will be settled in the mosque.
Correct.
Yeah.
Now.
Let's run a double for loop.
So I'm doing this in a bottom up code.
I'm just using tabulate tabulation for it.
I just leave the memorization part of it to you.
So, yeah.
Now let's move ahead and let's figure out figure this thing out.
But for any comedy, for any mosque.
For any mask, comedy, whatever it is, I want mosque comedy minus one.
That means this.
I have to move.
I have to do it over this base loop in increasing order.
Right.
So let's say they start from one, because for the zygote they have already filled the values.
Cool.
So they start from one.
They will go to less than N and.
Let's also have musk.
Right.
So mass it starts from zero because I the values for all the musk and must be voted one shift for all
the values of correct.
So for any musk any musk comedy combination I want do minus one got combination.
That would have been a really great idea and I want something which is less than Musk then that would
also have been calculated because I'm moving forward fully.
So, yeah.
Now what does the ATP Mask Command B means?
But this particular subset of products, what is the minimum price need?
So let's write the first case here.
This one that is epi mask.
And B is nothing.
But it is also equal to the B mask.
If I'm not buying the word on the current rate.
So it is equal to must be minus.
This is the first part of it.
Right now, the second part of it is let's remove one, one element from the set, from the mask, basically.
So if mask is 111, I will have to try 011.
I will have to drive 101 and I'll have to try 110.
I have to do all these three combinations, right?
So let's iterate over, let's call it X because we have taken this as an X over here.
Correct.
So yeah.
So I would say for all the products actually go for all the products.
So as X starts from zero excuse three key for all the products and it will just check if Musk contains
that product or not.
Right?
So if mask right shift x and one, that means mask contains the product, that means if the extra bit
of mask is said, mask contains that product, right?
So if mask contains, then what will be the new mask?
Then this mask will depend on if mask is seven, it will depend on this three, five and six current.
So.
So how we like it this new mask.
New mask will be just simple.
My onset get rid of mask.
Right.
So if I uncertainty did a off mask I get the new mask from which I want the answer.
That is this one.
This part.
Correct.
So how do they get rid of any number?
We know how to insert.
And I also gave it to you as a homework, if I remember correctly.
So what we can do is, let's say if this is the number and I want to answer this particular bit.
So what I do is nothing but very simple.
I'll take another number, which is zero zero in all the places and one on this place, and I'll take.
Zorro offered Zorro to do so, though it is very simple thing that if both the values are same, it
will be zero.
Otherwise, if both the values are different.
Then it will be one eight.
So wherever their number had one, it will have in the resultant, wherever that had it had zero, it
will have in the resultant.
Just one small change will be there.
That means the I it's the bit that I want to unset.
It will be unsafe to put.
So the new mask is nothing but mask.
The other one left your pants.
So I have left you after that product X for that particular product.
I just want to check whether it is set or not.
Right.
So I want to answer to obtain the new mask.
So now what will be the value of the B mask comma?
The rate for this current bit, it will be a minimum of if we must go to whatever the minimum value
was already there.
And yet let me.
And the we have got a new math.
Great.
That means that I'm just trying to apply this recursive relation.
This one, the.
The mask.
The new mask and the minus one.
So let me write it.
The new mask and B minus one plus prices the price on the current day of the next product.
That's what we discussed fully.
So this is normally we with mask and simply I just in the end of it is my final answer.
We discussed this also.
Then the final answer is nothing.
But then all the products we have to buy all the products at least once.
And let's check the answer for all.
The end minus one is right.
So it will be one left.
Okay.
Minus one.
Because this is the mask that will contain all the products that will have all to protect and the days
end minus one, correct?
It's related to if I have any errors.
No errors.
And here you can see we have good faith.
Correct.
So I hope this is making sense.
And this is it looks complicated if you see it this way.
But if you dive deeper, if you try to understand it, it's very easy, like very, very light.
So a Baltimore bird living with bird mascot is always a little tricky.
You can always try to go exemplars, memories, solution, but I always wanted to explain you this particular
tabulation method as well.
They.
So we can see that five is the minimum value for all the products for the end.